Clarifying automatic sidecar injection (#6343)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/additional-setup/sidecar-injection/index.md

The following sections describe two
ways of injecting the Istio sidecar into a pod: manually using the [`istioctl`](/docs/reference/commands/istioctl)

> command or enabling the automatic Istio sidecar injector using a namespace label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command or by enabling automatic Istio sidecar injection in the pod's namespace.
```

Manual injection directly modifies configuration, like deployments, and injects the proxy configuration into it.

> When enabled, automatic injection injects at pod creation time using an admission controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled in a pod's namespace, automatic injection injects the proxy configuration at pod creation time using an admission controller.
```

### Automatic sidecar injection

> When enabled with a namespace label, sidecars can be automatically added to applicable Kubernetes pods using a

Reviewer: Maybe this change is overkill? It's getting a little repetitive. The following change says the same thing and since this sentence says "Sidecars can ..." (not "Sidecars will ..."), I don't think it's ambiguous here.

Author: Fixed

[mutating webhook admission controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/) provided by Istio.

{{< tip >}}
While admission controllers are enabled by default, some Kubernetes distributions may disable them. If this is the case, follow the instructions to [turn on admission controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#how-do-i-turn-on-an-admission-controller).
{{< /tip >}}

> When you set the `istio-injection=enabled` label on a namespace and the injection webhook is enabled, any new pods that are created will automatically have a sidecar added to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set the `istio-injection=enabled` label on a namespace and the injection webhook is enabled, any new pods that are created in that namespace will automatically have a sidecar added to them.
```
